com.android.calendar.AllInOneActivity  com.android.calendar
com.android.email.activity.Welcome  com.android.email
com.android.contacts.activities.PeopleActivity  com.android.contacts
com.android.contacts.activities.DialtactsActivity  com.android.contacts
com.example.android.notepad.NotePadActivity  com.example.android.notepad
com.huawei.gallery.app.GalleryMain  com.android.gallery3d
com.huawei.camera  com.huawei.camera
com.android.mms.ui.ConversationList  com.android.mms
com.android.settings.HWSettings  com.android.settings
com.android.calculator2.Calculator  com.android.calculator2
com.android.deskclock.AlarmsMainActivity  com.android.deskclock
com.huawei.skytone.account.welcome.SplashActivity  com.huawei.hiskytone
com.android.mediacenter.PageActivity  com.android.mediacenter
com.huawei.android.hicloud.ui.activity.NewHiSyncSettingActivity  com.huawei.android.ds
com.huawei.android.remotecontrol.ui.PhoneFinderActivity  com.huawei.android.remotecontrol
com.huawei.hidisk.filemanager.FileManager  com.huawei.hidisk
com.huawei.gamebox.GameBoxActivity  com.huawei.gamebox
com.cubic.autohome.LogoActivity  com.cubic.autohome
com.baidu.baidumaps.WelcomeScreen  com.baidu.BaiduMap
com.achievo.vipshop.activity.LodingActivity  com.achievo.vipshop
me.ele.Launcher  me.ele
com.chaozh.iReader.ui.activity.WelcomeActivity  com.huawei.hwireader
com.youdao.dict.activity.LaunchActivity  com.youdao.dict
com.android.vending.AssetBrowserActivity  com.android.vending
com.huawei.appmarket.MainActivity  com.huawei.appmarket
com.UCMobile.main.UCMobile  com.android.browser
com.huawei.systemmanager.mainscreen.MainScreenActivity  com.huawei.systemmanager
com.android.systemui.flashlight.FlashlightActivity  com.android.systemui
com.huawei.android.totemweather.WeatherHome  com.huawei.android.totemweather
com.android.providers.downloads.ui.DownloadList  com.android.providers.downloads.ui
com.huawei.android.FMRadio.FMRadioMainActivity  com.huawei.android.FMRadio
com.huawei.android.hwouc.ui.activities.MainEntranceActivity  com.huawei.android.hwouc
com.android.soundrecorder.SoundRecorder  com.android.soundrecorder
com.huawei.android.thememanager.HwThemeManagerActivity  com.huawei.android.thememanager
com.huawei.vassistant.ui.VAssistantActivity  com.huawei.vassistant
com.android.stk.StkLauncherActivity  com.android.stk
com.android.stk.StkLauncherActivity2  com.android.stk
com.huawei.compass.MainActivity  com.huawei.compass
com.huawei.vdrive.ui.VDriveActivity  com.huawei.vdrive
com.android.hwmirror.Mirror  com.android.hwmirror
com.huawei.hwvplayer.framework.MainActivity  com.huawei.hwvplayer.youku
com.huawei.KoBackup.InitializeActivity  com.huawei.KoBackup
com.huawei.healthcloud.cardui.MainActivity  com.huawei.health
com.huawei.phoneservice.ui.HelpCenterActivity  com.huawei.phoneservice
com.huawei.fans.activity.MainActivity  com.huawei.fans
com.vmall.client.activity.VmallWapActivity  com.vmall.client
com.baidu.searchbox.SplashActivity  com.baidu.searchbox_huawei
com.huawei.lifeservice.basefunction.ui.entry.LandingActivity  com.huawei.lives
com.huawei.wallet.view.MainActivity  com.huawei.wallet
com.autonavi.map.activity.SplashActivity  com.autonavi.minimap
ctrip.android.view.splash.CtripSplashActivity  ctrip.android.view
cn.wps.moffice.documentmanager.PreStartActivity  cn.wps.moffice_eng
com.netease.nr.biz.ad.AdActivity  com.netease.newsreader.activity
com.taobao.tao.welcome.Welcome  com.taobao.taobao
com.dianping.main.guide.SplashScreenActivity  com.dianping.v1
com.sina.weibo.SplashActivity  com.sina.weibo
huawei.w3.welcome.WelcomeActivity  huawei.w3
com.newdadabus.ui.activity.WelcomeActivity  com.newdadabus
com.yipiao.activity.LaunchActivity  com.yipiao
com.tencent.map.WelcomeActivity  com.tencent.map
com.tencent.qqlive.ona.activity.WelcomeActivity  com.tencent.qqlive
com.tencent.mobileqq.activity.SplashActivity  com.tencent.mobileqq
com.ubercab.UBUberActivity  com.ubercab
com.sankuai.meituan.activity.Welcome  com.sankuai.meituan
com.ry.zt.homepage.ZTWelcomeActivity  com.raiyi.wxcs
com.zhihu.android.app.ui.activity.MainActivity  com.zhihu.android
cn.cntv.ui.activity.SplashActivity  cn.cntv
com.icbc.activity.init.LoadingActivity  com.icbc
com.icbc.im.ui.activity.LauncherActivity  com.icbc.im
com.tencent.mm.ui.LauncherUI  com.tencent.mm
dev.xesam.chelaile.app.module.func.SplashActivity  com.ygkj.chelaile.standard
com.letv.android.client.activity.SplashActivity  com.letv.android.client
com.suryani.jiagallery.LoadingPageActivity  com.suryani.jiagallery
com.sankuai.movie.welcome.LauncherActivity  com.sankuai.movie
com.MobileTicket.MobileTicket  com.MobileTicket
com.meitu.meipaimv.StartupActivity  com.meitu.meipaimv
com.yaya.zone.activity.SplashActivity  com.yaya.zone
com.jxedt.ui.activitys.GuideActivity  com.jxedt
com.sina.news.ui.PowerOnScreen  com.sina.news
tv.danmaku.bili.ui.splash.SplashActivity  tv.danmaku.bili
com.huawei.espace.module.start.ui.StartActivity  com.huawei.espacev2
com.didapinche.booking.home.activity.StartActivity  com.didapinche.booking
com.speedsoftware.rootexplorer.RootExplorer  com.speedsoftware.rootexplorer
com.huawei.anyoffice.home.activity.login.WelcomeActivity  com.huawei.svn.hiwork
com.shgjj.activity.LogoActivity  com.shgjj.activity
com.unity3d.player.UnityPlayerNativeActivity  com.nianticlabs.pokemongo
com.wallstreetcn.ui.SplashActivity  com.wallstreetcn.news
com.jingdong.app.mall.MainActivity  com.jingdong.app.mall
tv.douyu.view.activity.SplashActivity  air.tv.douyu.android
com.ximalaya.ting.android.activity.account.WelComeActivity  com.ximalaya.ting.android
com.netease.cloudmusic.activity.LoadingActivity  com.netease.cloudmusic
com.huawei.it.xinsheng.bbs.activity.StartActivity  com.huawei.it.xinsheng
com.gtgj.view.LaunchActivity  com.gtgj.view
com.hunantv.imgo.activity.MainActivity  com.hunantv.imgo.activity
com.shuqi.activity.SplashActivity  com.shuqi.controller
com.geeyep.games.landlord.Landlord  paile.mengle.operator.huawei
com.umetrip.android.msky.app.module.SplashActivity  com.umetrip.android.msky.app
com.shmetro.activity.WelcomeActivity  com.shmetro
com.douguo.recipe.MainActivity  com.douguo.recipe
com.mqunar.splash.SplashActivity  com.Qunar
cn.eclicks.drivingtest.StartPageActivity  cn.eclicks.drivingtest
com.panda.videoliveplatform.activity.WelcomeActivity  com.panda.videoliveplatform
com.ifeng.news2.activity.SplashActivity  com.ifeng.news2
com.cctv.cctv5ultimate.activity.StartUpActivity  com.cctv.cctv5ultimate
com.ijinshan.browser.screen.SplashActivity  com.ijinshan.browser_fast
com.tencent.qqmusic.activity.AppStarterActivity  com.tencent.qqmusic
com.tianqi2345.activity.CoveryActivity  com.tianqi2345
com.wepie.wespy.module.login.start.StartActivity  com.wepie.wespy
com.Slack.ui.HomeActivity  com.Slack
com.agile.activity.SplashActivity  com.feiniubus.mobile.passenger
com.dada.dadabus.activity.WelcomeActivity  com.dada.dadabus
com.raxtone.flybus.customer.activity.SplashActivity  com.raxtone.flybus.customer
amwell.zxbs.IndexActivity  amwell.zxbs
com.tencent.qqmail.LaucherActivity  com.tencent.androidqqmail
com.sohu.sohuvideo.FirstNavigationActivityGroup  com.sohu.sohuvideo
com.handsgo.jiakao.android.Login  com.handsgo.jiakao.android
com.letubao.dudubusapk.view.activity.StartupActivity  com.letubao.dodobusapk
com.gotokeep.keep.activity.SplashActivity  com.gotokeep.keep
com.qihoo.util.StartActivity  com.jcticket.ticketclient
com.baidu.netdisk.ui.Navigate  com.baidu.netdisk
com.didi.sdk.app.DidiLoadDexActivity  com.sdu.didi.psnger
com.youku.phone.ActivityWelcome  com.youku.phone
com.eg.android.AlipayGphone.AlipayLogin  com.eg.android.AlipayGphone
com.shanbay.news.startup.SplashActivity  com.shanbay.news
com.boyaa.chinesechess.HUAWEI.Game  com.boyaa.chinesechess.HUAWEI
com.soufun.app.activity.MainSplashActivity  com.soufun.app
com.android.settings.Settings$RunningServicesActivity  com.android.settings
com.android.settings.Settings$StorageUseActivity  com.android.settings
com.huawei.android.launcher.Launcher  com.huawei.android.launcher